c:\users\fernando\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Boletein_escolar\Boletein_escolar\bin\Debug\Boletein_escolar.exe.config
c:\users\fernando\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Boletein_escolar\Boletein_escolar\bin\Debug\Boletein_escolar.exe
c:\users\fernando\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Boletein_escolar\Boletein_escolar\bin\Debug\Boletein_escolar.pdb
c:\users\fernando\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Boletein_escolar\Boletein_escolar\obj\Debug\Boletein_escolar.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fernando\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Boletein_escolar\Boletein_escolar\obj\Debug\Boletein_escolar.Form1.resources
c:\users\fernando\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Boletein_escolar\Boletein_escolar\obj\Debug\Boletein_escolar.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\fernando\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Boletein_escolar\Boletein_escolar\obj\Debug\Boletein_escolar.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\fernando\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Boletein_escolar\Boletein_escolar\obj\Debug\Boletein_escolar.exe
c:\users\fernando\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Boletein_escolar\Boletein_escolar\obj\Debug\Boletein_escolar.pdb
C:\Users\Fernando\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Boletim_escolar\Boletein_escolar\bin\Debug\Boletein_escolar.exe.config
C:\Users\Fernando\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Boletim_escolar\Boletein_escolar\obj\Debug\Boletein_escolar.exe
C:\Users\Fernando\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Boletim_escolar\Boletein_escolar\obj\Debug\Boletein_escolar.pdb
C:\Users\Fernando\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Boletin_escolar\Boletein_escolar\bin\Debug\Boletein_escolar.exe.config
C:\Users\Fernando\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Boletin_escolar\Boletein_escolar\obj\Debug\Boletein_escolar.exe
C:\Users\Fernando\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Boletin_escolar\Boletein_escolar\obj\Debug\Boletein_escolar.pdb
C:\Users\Fernando\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Boletin_escolar\Boletein_escolar\bin\Debug\Boletein_escolar.exe
C:\Users\Fernando\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Boletin_escolar\Boletein_escolar\bin\Debug\Boletein_escolar.pdb
C:\Users\Fernando\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Boletin_escolar\Boletein_escolar\obj\Debug\Boletein_escolar.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Fernando\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Boletin_escolar\Boletein_escolar\obj\Debug\Boletein_escolar.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Fernando\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Boletin_escolar\Boletein_escolar\obj\Debug\Boletein_escolar.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Fernando\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Boletin_escolar\Boletein_escolar\obj\Debug\Boletein_escolar.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
